Phase 2 of the rocRAND docs refresh (#636)
ROCm/rocRAND: docs/api-reference/cpp-api.rst

4. Use the results.

The rocRAND device functions are invoked from inside the user kernel.

> This means the generated numbers can be used right away in the kernel without the need to copy them to the host memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the generated numbers can be used immediately in the kernel without copying them to the host memory.
```
